

O'Dea, E.L., Barken, D., Peralta, R.Q., Tran K.T., Werner, S.L., Kearns, J.D.,
Levchenko, A., Hoffmann, A. A homeostatic model of IkB metabolism to control
constitutive activity. Molecular Systems Biology, 3:111, pp. 1-7. 2007  

Questions concerning the paper should be addressed to the corresponding
author. Alexander Hoffmann (ahoffmann@ucsd.edu)

* * *

The original model was written and simulated within MathWorks MatLab 2006a
using the ode15s (stiff/NDF) solver. It is highly recommended that those
wanting to model this system use the MatLab version which we will freely
provide upon request. As always, simulation results vary according to the
numerical solver used.

Translation to SBML Level 2.1 was performed via reconstruction of the model
within MathWorks SimBiology Desktop (version 2.1) followed by an Export to
SBML. Please address questions about this SBML model to Jeff Kearns
(jkearns@ucsd.edu).

BioModels DB curation: The model reproduces the values of diffferent species
depicted in Fig 3A and 3B (wt) of the paper corresponding to Model1.1. To
depict the the total IkB alpha, beta epsilon species, three additional
parameters and their corresponding assignment rules have been introduced in
this model by the creator. Model succesfully tested on MathSBML.

This model originates from BioModels Database: A Database of Annotated
Published Models. It is copyright (c) 2005-2010 The BioModels Team.  
For more information see the [terms of
use](http://www.ebi.ac.uk/biomodels/legal.html).  
To cite BioModels Database, please use [Le Nov√®re N., Bornstein B., Broicher
A., Courtot M., Donizelli M., Dharuri H., Li L., Sauro H., Schilstra M.,
Shapiro B., Snoep J.L., Hucka M. (2006) BioModels Database: A Free,
Centralized Database of Curated, Published, Quantitative Kinetic Models of
Biochemical and Cellular Systems Nucleic Acids Res., 34: D689-D691.](http://ww
w.pubmedcentral.nih.gov/articlerender.fcgi?tool=pubmed&pubmedid=16381960)

